only one year has passed since the release of
creed 2
but the numerous feedbacks received from the
users regarding the previous chapter
have allowed codemasters to
speed up development and
make numerous decisions that
could prove decisive for the
screaming autosport success for
start we have a return to
mechanics adopted in the first chapter
closer to the simulation and more
focus on the differences in
ease of constraints to do this
codemasters has actively collaborated
with numerous industry experts such as
metn the touring championship winner
and autosport magazine magazine that has
provided many details on
Technical specifications of the vehicles
available disciplines are touring
endurance wheels uncovered tunnel street e
finally the unlockable grid mode
only after reaching the third
level of experience in all others
modality once completed
goals related to a sponsor in
particular it will be possible to stipulate a
new contract with another each
type of race differs very well
especially for the different driveability
of vehicles in wheel mode
discoveries for example we will run speed
higher the smaller is missing
contact with opponents could
make us lose stability in competitions
more aggressive as in the mode
street instead the bumps are almost
inevitable also because of the way
rather aggressive that it still carries
with some defect
it often happens to see different
vehicles to tag along and provoke
accidents and making it difficult to overtake
the choice to land grid
autosport on the urgent pc is due to
a series of questions purely
techniques the title uses a version
very advanced and refined of the le guen already
the engine that accompanies the series of
shouted from the first chapter talent already in
has been optimized to xbox
360 and ps3 offering the best
performance right on these machines
codemasters has also performed very well
PC optimization work thanks
cooperation with intent is rendered
grid autosport a performing title either
on higher-end hardware is on
those less powerful
having tried the pc version of the game
we can confidently confirm the
goodness of the work done
screams autosport fact around
also beautifully solutions that
raised keeping the trend stable and
guarantor in a fluid gaming experience
and engaging despite its limitations
and videogame panorama in which it is inserted
the new grid still manages to make the
his beautiful figure with a vast number of
vehicles well made and with
important improvements from the point of
view of physics
in this regard it is good to point out the
presence of structural damage
can be activated through specific option a
visual level however also without
activate this option you will notice the
damage to the car body
also with regard to the tracks
grid autosport and is rich and well
differentiated
more than 100 will be present
tracks of bisin 22 settings
different to set up a campaign
it was also extremely vast
introduced the interior view much
requested by the fans that nevertheless puts in
highlight the little care with which they have been
made the interior of the vehicle
it is not a defect
particularly significant but seen
the general traffic impact is a pity
that these details were not
cared for
finally remains a point in favor of the
sound compartment that counts on a good one
sound reproduction of different engines
of the cars and the pleasant music of the
menu
the third chapter of the grid series yes
it distinguishes above all for the novelties
introduced in the career with
multiple disciplines with present and the
also freedom of choice given on
player in dealing with singles
challenges
the developers however did not want to
make a centered title
only on single players but
they wanted to expand the sector
multiplayer with a series of
possibility that they offered as much
freedom even in online mode
among the most important innovations we have
the introduction of clubs that can
be founded by any player
to host your friends up to a
maximum of 200 participants per
complete the objectives together
dedicated
there is no lack of course
vehicle customizations
in fact we will be able to change the livery
of our car with numerous
options including the form or lo
stencil to create drawings
details the color scheme from
apply the various parts of the vehicle
the type of wheels the number on the
the sponsor is the choice of the
sponsor naturally influences i
earnings and goals unlocked with
the race
once you have made your own
personalization will be possible
share it with other users
through the race net platform that
also allows comparison with
statistics of other players
another novelty compared to the past is the
possibility to create playlists
very special to play with
friends choosing their own type of
game including destruction derby and le
own rules always getting gods
credits with which it is possible
buy not see with
if during the career in fact the
readings if they are made available
from our team in the multiplayer will be the
player to choose which car
buy and use them in
competitions can accumulate points
experience to improve them
performance using at present it
same vehicle however the costs of
maintenance at some point
force the player to choose if
his investments are greater
buying a new vehicle will be possible
however sell your vehicle or
buy used ones to repair and
change with the money earned
during the competitions all options
very appreciable and that make
deeper the online experience with a
enriched multiplayer enriched by
interesting news and a career among
the largest diversified in the panorama
of the current driving games cries
autosport focuses mainly on content
rather than brute force
of the graphic impact the title
constitutes a return to the origins
of the series with the aim of offering
to the fans the more complete experience e
thrilling far from the
arcade experiments made with grid 2
we highly recommend car sport cries
for all the enthusiasts above all
waiting for a new title that with
masters promises us as totally next
yen
not that this one has much to do on PC
envy of competitors
screaming autosport is available to start
from June 27 for xbox 360 playstation 3
and pc developed by codemasters e
distributed by namco bandai for the
full review in which solutions
visit tin.it